the biggest challenge b2b marketers face
with google ads is that there are only
so many people searching for your
product or solution combine that with
negative keywords and match types and
that amount gets even smaller leading
you to hitting a scaling wall much more
quickly and forcing you to go to other
channels such as paid social or paid
review in order to scale and hit your
growing quarterly targets i'm sylvia
perez and in today's video i want to
talk about three advanced strategies
that you can use in order to scale your
google ad campaigns let's get into it
and if you happen to like content around
b2b advertising be sure to subscribe to
the channel and click on that bell icon
down below to be notified of future
videos strategy number one you can
leverage to scale your google search ad
campaigns is what i like to call
broad match discovery now i know you're
hearing broad match and you probably
want to turn this video off but please
just bear with me for a second i'm not
talking about pure broad match in the
traditional sense i'm talking about
combining your top performing keyword
with an audience and using broad match
with that keyword and targeting that
specific audience
for example you can layer in multiple
types of audiences that google supports
so whether those are detailed
demographics affinity in-market any of
your data that you've uploaded to google
or custom segments that you've created
you can combine all these different
audiences as a targeted audience or an
observation audience on top of your
search campaign so for this strategy
specifically we are going to be using
pure broad match but we're also going to
be using targeting for a specific
audience or group of audiences or a
combination of audiences so for example
one best practice is you should always
layer in observational audiences into
your google search campaigns so that way
you can understand how are different
audience segments converting within your
campaigns and if you've already done
that then you have data that you can use
so you can already see which audience
segments are working best for you
so for example if those are certain
specific in-market segments that you
know have already been driving
conversions you can take those top
segments and then layer in them on top
of your broad match campaign and target
those segments exclusively so it's not
just broad match alone but you have the
audience in place as a filter to really
help guide google in terms of you know
the users that and the searchers that
you do want to show up for on google
search another example of how to find
this information in terms of which
audiences you should use
is to go to google analytics if you have
it set up and you have proper conversion
tracking in place
and go ahead and and filter by
the audience report and then interest
and then under interest you can see
affinity categories in market segments
and you can see what are your top
in-market segments and then what are
your top affinity categories and a
really easy place to get started is to
just grab the top 10 audiences for
in-market and the top 10 audiences for
affinity
and you can layer those into your broad
match discovery campaign and use them as
a targeting filter so for example
business and productivity software is
one of our top ones here so if i go here
to google
and i search for business and
productivity software i can actually
filter by this specific audience
so in this case
i'm only going to have google
trigger my broad match keyword and and
show my ads not only if whatever
they deem as a relevant search that gets
triggered by broad match but also if
it's only people that fall under
this specific in-market segment now i
recommend that you you do layer in
multiple audiences at first just because
you can run in some to run into some
deliverability issues depending on how
how much volume your keyword has if you
do have a keyword that has a substantial
amount of volume and you're using a
broad match variation then you can
probably get away with like one to three
audiences but if you do have a little
bit
less search keywords and you're trying a
broad match variation to really try to
expand and scale your reach through
google ads then i recommend i ideally
five to ten and once you run these
different combinations and you start to
accrue data you can take it a little bit
further by actually creating a custom
combination so you can actually combine
audiences together and you can create a
combined segment so
this really depends on your your volume
and this is something definitely worth
testing and you can run it as a campaign
experiment but essentially if you know
let's say these top three and market
audiences work really well for you
and you want to combine those different
segments together where somebody has to
fall into those different segments then
you can do that as a combined audience
segment here you can combine you know
going back to the example of business
and productivity software
i can combine business and productivity
software as an in-market audience here
and then i can do an and statement and
then let's say if we know for detailed
demographics that people that are in the
let's say healthcare industry do really
well for us we can get a little bit more
specific and combine these segments
together again
really have to test it run a campaign
experiment and see what your volume
allows you to do based on the keywords
that you're trying broad match for now i
really don't recommend broad match
discovery if you don't have a lot of
strong quality conversion data and a
very extensive negative keyword list if
you don't have those two things you
might want to wait before you try this
strategy and for those of you that are
new to google ads in terms of scaling
your google ad account i really
recommend that you start as laser
focused as possible using exact match
then moving to phrase match and then
finally broad discovery and then
ultimately if it makes sense you can try
pure broad match in the traditional
sense and really using this will help
you scale in the most efficient way
possible because you can validate
keywords that are working for you as an
exact match or a phrase match version
and then you can drive more scale from
those keywords that are working for you
using broad discovery and then finally
if it makes sense pure broad match where
you're not targeting an audience and
you're just letting google 100 be in
control strategy number two that you can
use to scale your google search ad
campaigns further is targeting
non-english languages if you have the
good fortune to be able to support
individuals that are not native english
speakers and live in different countries
you can see upwards to 30 to 40 percent
breaks on your average cost per click so
you can take your core keywords that are
working well for you in english and get
the translation into the language in
which you want to target and you can see
massive breaks in your average cost per
click prices now for order for this to
work you have to make sure that you
build separate campaigns targeting this
language and the reason being is if
you're targeting this other language you
want to make sure you have this campaign
with your keywords your ads and your
landing pages all translated into that
native language now i want to make a
huge disclaimer if you're going to do
this strategy it can be some effort in
terms of getting these translations and
also the downside too is your search
terms report is going to come through
in this language that you're bidding on
so if i'm bidding on spanish all of my
search terms are going to come through
in spanish and if you're managing your
google ad account and you don't speak
spanish that obviously can be pretty
uh you know challenging so ideally if
you really want to do this don't rely on
just like google translate in order to
give you these translations google
translate is not going to give you the
right translations that are culture fit
appropriate to those different countries
or locations in which you're targeting
if you want to make this work you have
to find a local resource that ideally is
from that area in which you're targeting
they're a native and they can work with
you to translate your search terms
report translate your keywords over
translate your ad copy over and help
translate over your landing pages so
that way the translation is actually
appropriate to the slang and the dialect
and the culture in which you're trying
to target so do not rely on google
translate if you want to do this as you
are going to be surely disappointed in
terms of the translations so with that
being said if you want to find some
local resources to help you do this a
great place to go to is upwork.com and
you can look for freelancers in specific
countries and you can try to find
somebody who lives in those specific
countries when you post your job posts
so they can help you with these
translations on an ongoing basis it does
take some work to do this but the
savings that you get in terms of your
average cost per click prices and the
additional scale that you can reach
targeting these other users that aren't
native english speakers in these other
countries can be really really great for
you to scale further hope you're finding
this video valuable if you'd like more
content on google advertising be sure to
check out my book called google ads
profits which you can find in the
description box down below
all right strategy number three for
scaling your google search ad campaigns
is doing industry related campaigns so
this is where you're going to take your
top performing keywords so for example
if i'm bidding on crm software and
you're going to add a long tail industry
related version so for example if i know
i'm bidding on crm software let's say
i'm salesforce or zoho or keep or one of
these different crms and i'm bidding on
that keyword and it's doing really well
for me i can take that keyword of crm
software and i can create an industry
specific campaign doing the long tail
version so for example maybe it's crm
software for healthcare or crm software
for small business or crm software for
manufacturing you get the gist
essentially you're going to append your
industry that you're trying to target on
top of your top converting keyword and
this campaign really can be a hit or
miss depending on the keyword volume for
that core keyword that you're bidding on
but nonetheless this is great coverage
to have as this is going to be a lot
less competitive as the long tail
variation of that keyword and when
somebody does search these industry
specific keywords
that is going to be a much more
qualified and high quality searcher for
your business as they meet your icp
right because they fall under those core
industries that you have identified that
convert into the you know the greatest
win rates best deal sizes and all that
good stuff that we care about so
industry related search campaigns can be
another great option for you if you
don't have that coverage already and you
can create personalized messaging in
your ad copy that speaks to that
industry so you know manufacturing has
different pain points then does let's
say small business or education or
health care finance or whatever industry
you're going after so you can
personalize that creative to really
speak to the pain points and the
benefits that that specific industry
would get from clicking through on your
ad and exploring doing business with you
further
hope this video was valuable just to
quickly recap we talked about using
broad match discovery targeting other
languages and countries and using
industry specific campaigns to scale
your google search ad campaigns further
if you found this video valuable if you
can give me a thumbs up that would help
out a ton and if you like this video go
ahead and check out these two videos
here as they'll be super helpful for you
and be sure to subscribe to the channel
for future uploads and i'll see you in
the next video take care